Title: Kitchens

----

Coverimage: 

----

Date: 2018-03-04

----

Text: 

A dream room is one which fits your daily needs, it is one you go “wow” at, it is one that you instantly feel relaxed in and mainly it is one which is free of the frustrations. Therefore your dream room is one where the furniture is built around your room and your lifestyle.

At Elegance by Design we have an extensive choice of modern, traditional and classic kitchens that are of the highest quality and fitted to an exceptional standard. Our range is almost limitless, from a farm house style with solid wood doors, to contemporary high gloss finishes, as well as the vast range of vinyl wrapped doors.

Whatever you kitchen style choice there are a variety of worktop materials and colours to complement perfectly. In a kitchen the worktop is a central piece with multiple needs from providing preparation space, to a dining area. Worktop materials include solid wood, laminate (in extensive colours and finishes incl. gloss), granite, solid surfaced etc.

A kitchen isn’t complete without appliances, whether they are ones which are hidden away (e.g. dishwashers, washing machines), ones built in (e.g. cookers, microwaves) or ones used as a feature (e.g. range cookers, extractor hoods, American fridge/freezer). At Elegance by Design we know how important it is to get the right appliances for your needs, at the right price and that are reliable. That is why we offer appliances from well-known brands at extremely competitive prices, (especially compared with what you can find on the internet), and we will removed and dispose of old appliances included in the cost.

Please come and visit our showroom (173a Annesley Road) where we have kitchen room displays and samples highlighting a selection of doors, worktops, handles and appliances, to inspire your new kitchen design. Also you can book a free design visit where we can bring out samples and suggest a style to complement your house. Check out our “How we work page” to see what our design service is about.